The Poly Market bot that I built here
today is trying to enter a position
right here, but it is not able to enter
because it doesn't have any money in it.
So, I have to go make sure to I only
have $4 left in my account in my Polyari
account. So, I got to claim the 116. You
can see some of these wins here. 186%
170% 3345%
241%
186% 117% 113%. These are from bots that
I've built here live on YouTube for
free. Uh, as always, I believe code is a
great equalizer. So, let's claim this
and then we'll be all claimed up in
order to have this bot be able to uh
actually buy it shares and then I'll
explain this bot to you and walk you
through some of the ideas and then get
you access to the code and all that good
stuff. You can see available 120 now.
So, I'm Mundave. I build trading bots
chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran
up a net worth of $31 billion in. But I
believe code is the great equalizer. And
these are real people, real profits,
hundreds of them.
Not asking you to trust me, asking you
to trust them.
mundave.com/isord.
Message anyone. Ask them. Become
friends. I was using cloud code all day
to build this out. And the idea here is
to be a little bit of statistical
arbitrage. So I called it a mouthful
just because I think it's funny to do
that. So it's called this um liquidation
stink bids on Poly Market hedged on
Hyperlid. And that's not even that
wasn't even funny. That wasn't even the
one, dude. I don't know where it went,
but I chopped it up with AI and built
out this bot that essentially longs one
side and shorts the other, but not at a
fair 50/50 value, or else it wouldn't
work. I'm using liquidation data. So,
I'm watching live liquidations. Um, as I
can see everybody's positions, which is
nice. Here you can see everybody's
positions on, for example, this guy's
going to get liquidated 1.3% 2.2%. While
I'm not using that here in this bot, I'm
using the actual liquidations. So, if
you go over to like Coin Glass or
something, you can pay like $900 a month
and get liquidation data. It's a little
expensive, but um I also grab the
liquidation data here in my API. So,
mundab.com/doccks.
I have this API that gets all of the
liquidation data from all of the
different exchanges. So, liquidations,
what are liquidations? Liquidations are
when somebody is trading with leverage
and they get to a point where if you're
using 10x leverage and the price moves
10% you lose your money. They take your
money from you. They they liquidate you.
Okay. So the premise behind this bot is
a liquidation momentum strategy. So for
example if right here let's go to like a
15minute chart here.
Let's say there's a ton of liquidations
right here. There's $25,000 in
liquidations that happen, right? Then
this strategy would be a momentum play
saying, "Hey, if one person got
liquidated, there may be more
liquidations to come." So on Poly
Market, it's taking one of those
fiveminute markets here. And let's see,
it's going to go ahead and buy or sell
based off of that five minute market. So
let me go ahead and reset this so it's
all live here. Um,
but on the five-minute mark, I'm trying
to see if I can find one. Here we go.
So, you can see this is a five minute
market and every five minutes it you
have to bet up or down. So, my thesis in
this code that I prepared today and
built and I'm I'll be showing you giving
you access to all that is simply, hey,
if there's a $25,000 liquidation going
to a short liquidation, there's going to
be more momentum here. So, take the up.
And the same thing except the inverse
for down. Take the down if there's a
bunch of long liquidations. In my case,
it's 25,000. But again, I'm just testing
ideas. So, it's not necessarily right or
wrong. You have to test your own ideas.
And the process I follow, I actually
give you in this road map. It's
moonad.com/roadmap.
It's the process of automated trading. A
lot of people like think this is just
too hard for them or whatever. It comes
down to three simple steps. And you're
already a researcher. you're here on
YouTube, dude. So, the process of
automating your trading starts with
research. Research of trading
strategies. Maybe you're a hand trader
right now. If you're looking into
automated trading, you're already on the
R. Research, research, research. Okay?
You find a bunch of ideas and then you
back test those ideas to see if they
actually work in the past. So, you get
open, high, low, close volume data,
which is data from the past. For
example, you can scroll down here and
just get all the open, high, low, close
volume data that you need here. Crypto
data. You can get time frame of five
minutes for the last 100 weeks if you
want to just download that data. Okay,
now you have the data from the past and
since you have the data from the past
and the idea well then you back test it.
Back test back testing just allows you
to see if that strategy actually works.
So where do you find strategies? Google
Scholar is a good place. Google Scholar
has papers for days. You can go to
Google Scholar here and these are PhDs
that write papers about trading
strategies. You can type in trading
trading strategies
etc. and just start reading. Pull ideas
and one one sentence from one paper can
change your world because it all comes
down to finding great ideas from Google
Scholar, books, podcast, YouTube. I have
a book list here if you do want to see
how to generate strategies. You have a
bunch of strategies from my iPhone. I
just take notes all the time and then I
throw them up here. But these books
provided a lot of these strategies.
Market wizards. There's three to four.
You must read those chat with traders
podcast. You must listen to those. You
got to get your mind right as well. So I
put a whole book list together here for
you. But um back to the RBI. So you have
a ton of ideas and you back test those
ideas. If they work in the past, then
you incubate them in the future. Build a
bot that trades small size. Don't don't
blow your whole stack on your first bot
because just because they worked in the
past doesn't mean it's going to work in
the future. And a lot of people that are
showing you trading view back tests are
going to try to say, you know, you're
going to be a millionaire based off of
this. But it's at the end of the day, it
has to also work in the future. So today
I deployed a bot with small size $15 on
one side doing that liquidation strategy
I was talking about. Okay, so people get
liquidated here. You can see people on
oil are getting liquidated on the long
side. So the idea here would be, okay,
if these couple people got liquidated,
there might be some more. So I'm taking
that position short on poly market on
poly market and remember poly market is
here on the fiveminute markets. This is
interesting because this is a new market
that we've never seen before. So if this
was oil we saw those oil liquidations.
This would be taking a short on oil. Now
there's a whole another piece to this
bot because I know I'm a trader and I
know I'm I'm wrong as much as I'm right
if not more. Well, the fact is that,
okay, so if this idea is entirely wrong,
am I just going to lose money? No.
Because there's a second side to this
bot. If you go to the article I wrote
about this bot here, where is it? Um,
here it is. You're going to see if you
type in Hyperlquid.
Yes, Hyperlid's in here as well. All
I've talked about thus far is Poly
Market. Well, what it does here is it
takes the other side on Hyperlid. So I
import hyperlquid here you can see and
essentially I take the other side on
hyperlquid and I'm not taking one to
one. So it's not like 100 and 100 it's
going to be more like 100 because on
poly market cuz I think it's going this
way but then 80 on the other side. You
see what I'm saying? So it's not 100 but
it is hedge. So I think this is a pretty
pretty interesting idea. That being said
it is just an idea and everybody has
their own ideas. This is the game. I I
spend all day coming up with ideas and
then testing them out. [snorts] You can
see here there are some errors I got to
fix. This is on the API. So, let me just
go ahead and fix that real quick. I
wonder Oh, no. It's fine. It's fine.
It's just going to hiccup every once in
a while. You can see it's getting the
liquidation data. So, there's 800,000 in
or 747,000 in liquidations on the short
side, zero on the long side, and it's
doing it correctly every couple seconds.
And it's going to hiccup every once in a
while. And that should be fine. You can
see it's back to normal. Okay, so it
gets the poly market 5 minute. And a lot
of people struggle with getting that
actual market, right? Because it changes
every 5 minutes. So all you have to do
is predict what this means. Like what is
this 17732358800
mean? That's the time and the date. So
just predict it and you can make your
own links. A lot of people ask, "Moon,
how do you even find the five minute
market?" That's how I do it, dude.
That's how I do it. So, I'll make sure
that I've already put this on the road
map here. So, the code from videos. And
if you scroll down, I've done this a few
times. Type code below if you want me to
keep dropping the code like this inside
of these
articles like this. I'll scroll through
the article right here real quick. If
you don't want to join the Zoom, I have
a Zoom pretty much every day here,
mundave.com.
And in that Zoom, we you can chat with
me, ask questions, see what I'm building
in the day, and you get a bunch of
bonuses when you join. So, you can join
this if you'd like. Uh the road map
comes with it, the API for a day, and my
AI and my app. You get access to that
for a full day. So, that road map I was
showing you with all this code here.
Yeah, just go down to the link in the
description and join that if you want
that actual code. But I'm also going to
scroll through here because guess what?
You're watching this on video. You can
pause the video and look at literally
all the code, all the text and
everything. And once I get to the end of
this, then you'll have everything that I
promised you here at the start. This is
an actual liquidation statistical
arbitrage bot that I built today. Is it
going to work? Is it going to print
money? No, dude. You got to put in your
own ideas and your own tests. I've been
putting the work in. Been here for five
plus years sharing absolutely everything
because I believe code is the great
equalizer. If you want this code, just
go ahead and jump into the Zoom for
tomorrow and I'll send you the whole
road map. I'll also send you the API
key. I'll also send you my AI. I'll also
send you my Mundev app. But most
importantly, you're going to get access
to the Zoom call. It's a private Zoom.
Me and a bunch of other quantitative
traders. Every single day, we lock in
and we work together to chase Jim
Simons. That's the $ 31 billion man. You
can see this is a lot, but you can have
it all here. Just hit pause, screenshot,
whatever you need to do. You can send
this to AI. Just remember, it's not a
plugandplay, but it is a fascinating
idea. Trading liquidations has proven
for me to be good when I look at back
tests and forward tests. I'm Mundev. I
build trading bots chasing the same edge
Jim Simons used to build a net worth of
$31 billion.
But I believe code is the great
equalizer. And these people figured that
out. They're real people, real prophets,
hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to
trust me.
I'm asking you to trust them.
mundavv.com/isord.
Message anyone. Ask them yourself.
Become a friend. That being said, you
don't fully know all of my ideas, so
make sure to come up with your own
ideas. While I will show you all my
code, I do hope that you go ahead and
truly put in your own ideas because I
just built this here today. I did this
on Zoom in the stream. This is the type
of thing you're going to see me build.
So, if you want to dive into the weeds
that definitely jump in to the Zoom call
tomorrow and if you have questions about
this, you can ask me about it. But all
of this is in the road map and that link
is in the description to get the Zoom
and the road map. I believe code is a
great equalizer. I know nobody else is
sharing this information. So, I just
thought, hey, why wouldn't I just share
it all for free here on the internet and
see see what we can build? And we've
built a fascinating community of people
that are diligently striving after Jim
Simons building their own systems. And
it's pretty cool to see that I was able
to take so many people from [snorts]
hand trader, emotional trader to fully
automated trader.
So, if you want to be next, make sure to
lock in, sub, do what you need to